i see that you guys don't really like me
talking about my relationship much here
i get you because i really want to talk
mostly about veganism here too which is
why
the thousands of posts i've done are all
about veganism and animal rights
so i'm glad there's this other place
because i also really want to talk about
the love of my life and talk about
you know how happy we are and just share
our love and
it's not welcome on instagram cool it's
all good sort of good guys
what is going on in the comments section
of our only fans posts
what is everybody doing there explain
explain this so only friends is just
another social media
but it's paid you can choose if you want
to join owning class or
not it's like buying
uh netflix using nice flicks
or not you choose you can you can you're
not interested in netflix yeah
you can uh watch movies in another way
you don't need to get mad at people who
do want to get netflix yeah there's a
few people that love netflix
cool that's you man and then you are
complaining that
james is not helping the animals in this
post
what are you doing wasting your time uh
making this unlawful we just we just uh
announced our new social media that's
all
we're doing this thing yeah what is
going on yeah everyone's like
unfollowing and getting so upset and um
and making this a big thing
it's not we're just having some fun and
doing
more content not less content no added
content
why you instead of wasting your time
complaining
fighting in the comments why you don't
go and do a post yourself
create a video talking about the animals
about going vegan about
a recipe about what else lots of things
you can do
it is a perfectly legitimate way of
making money creating content
i think this is interesting i don't
think
it's dangerous or evil or bad or wrong i
it's interesting let's just pause to
take a moment
to reflect on the fact that in us
dollars
you could subscribe to disney plus for
six dollars
and 99 cents a month netflix
presumably their major competition eight
dollars
and 99 cents a month subscribing to
james aspy's
only fans 11
per month and i must say his only fans
is quite modestly priced compared to
most of the other channels most of the
other web pages on that site
don't quite know how to put it and i'm
just including my own patreon as an
example here because it's something i've
had to think about and worry about
like can you really ask people to donate
three dollars a month to support what
you're doing on youtube via patreon
in a world where disney plus is 6.99 a
month what can justify the prices
for any of these things now i would not
refer to
james aspy as a dangerous
or evil or harmful leader in the vegan
movement
and the amounts of money we're talking
about here
are so modest as to be relatively
harmless
it would be dangerous if you actually
came to believe that posting
videos of yourself eating smoothie bowls
with your girlfriend
were a mode of activism that was really
going to change the world
if you start to think of this as real
and meaningful
political activism then that becomes a
dangerous delusion
and certainly between the years 2015 and
we have seen the rise and fall of that
dangerous delusion however james aspy is
currently receiving
1 342 a month
on patreon from 205 patrons
i would note the depth
of disillusionment with social media
activism is reflected in that someone
like vegan gains
is making a very modest very humble
332 dollars a month on patreon so
for someone with an enormous audience
like vegan gains and
you can see here the text of him really
e-begging his claim that he's not making
enough money
from uh youtube itself due to
advertising and censorship restrictions
he's asking for your support and that is
the only support he's getting
we may now in the 2020s be shifting away
from the old credulity of the audience
say
four or five years ago where people
really stepped up to donate money
thinking this is going to save the world
this is going to save the animals this
is going to make the decisive difference
is donating money so james aspie can
make a video on youtube
about him and his girlfriend going to a
vegan restaurant or
footage of himself on vacation swimming
working out enjoying life
this type of lifestyle activism has been
largely discredited but
even looking at the record of lifestyle
activism over the last
five years with the most critical
and incisive angle imaginable we have to
admit
this is not the kind of evil represented
by
tobias leonard i mean tobias leonard and
the budget
of pro-veg international being
over 3.5 million euros per year
something i addressed in a video i'll
put the link in the description video i
still really recommend people go back
and watch
titled vegan activism as a scam millions
of dollars wasted
let me tell you something the title of
that video
is not a joke we're living through a
period of time right now
where the budget for dr greger's youtube
channel
is in excess of 2 million dollars
per year pro veg international 3.5
million euros beer
these are huge amounts of money that the
vegan movement
can't afford i mean the opportunity cost
the waste the loss
in this case you're dealing with a
really serious really troubling
moral issue and it's attached to
really dangerous delusions about what
political activism is but how we should
pursue
political and social change and there
are terrible consequences
seen and unseen for the mistake the
movement is making it's supporting
people like
tobias leonard tobias leader in my
opinion absolutely should be
kicked out of the movement and i've got
to say i don't feel that way at
all about someone like james aspie i
think what he's doing is kind of goofy
it's kind of silly it's kind of
counterproductive
um but i'd like to imagine that most
people in the audience are capable of
just
kind of having a laugh at it and i think
that most people are also capable of
coming to their own conclusion that in a
world
where disney plus cost 6.99 a month it
is somewhat irrational to pay 11
a month to have access to someone's
social media content
on only fans why why do people do it
people pay much much more than 11
a month for only fans access well there
are two big reasons here
one of which is that you have an
irrational
crush on someone you find someone
attractive you want to look at them
you want to see them naked maybe you
want to flirt with them
because only fans provides people the
ability to message back and forth
for a price um sure there's that side of
human nature that we're all familiar
with
and the other side is of course that
self-same delusion i've been warning
about
the delusion that you are making the
world a better place that you are
supporting
some kind of political change and that's
why it's so important
to really be clear with your audience
about
what it is you're selling if you donate
money to support
dr greger and nutrition facts
international what are you donating
money to support
if you choose to sign up for james
aspey's only fans are you paying
for activism are you paying for outcomes
are you paying
for results or are you paying
for pornography and if it's just
pornography at this point
all i've got to say is hey fair enough
no one's going to criticize james aspie
for producing bad
pornography but the question we have to
ask ourselves
in 2020 is this
is veganism a bad social movement
if you ask me why i make youtube videos
i'd probably say because it's fun
and it helps people and it's some kind
of creative outlet but in reality
a big part of why i'm a youtuber is
because i secretly love
the money the fame and the social status
that it gives me is this cute right now
should i just take this off